America: Socialist Already? An Analysis


When most people hear the word America, immediately they think of freedom, guns, and capitalism; but what if I were to tell you the issue of America being "capitalist" is a bit more complicated. Let's dive deep into the facts of the matter.

First, let's clarify what it means for a nation to be either 'socialist' or 'capitalist;' for which I'm sure you all know. To use the most standard definitions of our day: Capitalism is essentially used to mean the free market, in which all 
citizens have the freedom to sell products in a given industry. The negation of this freedom would be socialism, in which citizens are not allowed to enter a particular market; i.e., threatened with the use of aggression (theft, violence, etc). 

Now, ask yourself: do you have the freedom to sell your fresh alcohol to your friends, to buy--then drive--a car, to simply just fish in a lake, without first getting the government's permission? Sure, you can go through the long process of getting a license, but the fact
still remains: you are not freely able to do these things; you are coerced by the government into paying a fee, conducting a test, whatever. And, if the freedom to enter a market is capitalism, this can be called socialism.

Furthermore, what if I challenged the popularly held belief that the industries of both the Judiciary (courts, justice, contracts) and that of Defense (police, military, etc), does not necessarily require governmental control? In fact, since a 
profit-loss motive better allocates resources than that of a more centrally planned system, we are greatly missing out on the oppurtunity to reap it's benefits. So what's stopping from, say, starting a police business, insured by customers? Oh yeah!
You guessed it: the government!

Now that we have established a government is socialistic by nature, can we say the US is a socialist country?


Juneteenth and the New Form of Slavery: A Retrospect


When slavery was finally outlawed in Texas in June 19, 1865, slavery seemed to finally be over; however, that was far from the truth. 

At the height of the conflict between the Northern and Southern regions of America in 1862, the respective governments of the Union and the Confederacy declared war.
And they needed soldiers, desperately.
In March 28, Jefferson Davis of the Confederacy proposed the Conscription Act, which would have forcefully sent young, bright men to kill and die in the deadly battlefield against their will for the Confederate State.
It was a massive failure.
When the Act was passed later that month, it was met with widespread opposition, violent protests, and massive outcry; deeming the act unenforcable and ineffective.
It appears that the idea of forced military service seemed crazy to the freedom-loving people of early-America, yet both governments strived for it's succession. 
Consequently, when the Union government later followed suit, introducing it's own concription act, it had a similar effect; but this time, the government wouldn't give up so easily,
and when a violent riot erupted in New York, burning buildings and killing 200 men, the men in Washington were not so easily swayed
Those who were inspired by the freedom which was the very motivation for the founding of America eventually gave it up in silence.
The key difference between the Union and the Confederacy were their forms of slavery, the reprehensible act of denying one's right to own themselves.
In the Union, governments may own people, citizens not. In the Confederacy, an economically unwise and ineffecient form of labor.
And when the Confederacy fell in 1865, Texas' chains were forged.
